Create programs to:
01. Read a speed in miles and convert to kilometers
02. Read a speed in kilometers and convert to miles
03. Read an integer number and print the three predecessors and successors.
04. Read two integer numbers A and B and print the result of all arithmetic
    operations you know for A and B.
05. Read three integer numbers and calculate the average.
06. Read the base and length of a rectangle and calculate its area.
07. Read the radius of a circle and calculate the area
08. Read an integer and print True if the number is Even and False if it is Odd.
09. Read a temperature in Celsius and convert to Fahrenheit
10. Read a temperature in Fahrenheit and convert to Celsius
11. Read the buying price (cost), and desired profit percentage and calculate the 
    sales price of the product.
12. Read the buying price (cost), desired profit % and sales tax % of a 
    product and calculate the final sales price.
13. Read the name, salary and salary increase percentage and
    print the name and the new salary of a employee.
14. Read the name, salary, years of experience and the numbers of kids of a employee and
    print the name and new salary using the following formula:
    - 0.5% per year of experience
    - 2% per kid
15. Read two integer numbers and swap the variables content
16. Read the duration of an experiment in seconds and
    calculate the duration in Hours, Minutes and Seconds.
17. Read an integer number with 6 digits and separate it into two integers with 
    3 digits each
18. Read an integer number with 5 digits and generate a new number with the digits
    in reverse order
19. Read the description, quantity and unit price of 3 products in a shopping cart and
    print the total sales tax and the total order amount. The sales tax is 12%
20. Generate a random number from 0 to 9 and allow the user to try 3 times and
    indicate somehowif the user guessed the generated random number correctly
21. Generate two number from 0 to 100 (inclusive), allow the user to guess a number
    and indicate if the guessed number by the user is inside or outside of the interval
22. Read the capacity of a water of tank and a bucket and calculate how many buckets
    of water will be necessary to fill up the water tank. Calculate as well how much
    water will be wasted if every buckets used to fill the tank is completely full