Create programs to:
01. Read a value in miles and convert to kilometers: 1 Mile = 1.60934KM.
02. Read an integer number and print the three predecessors and successors.
03. Read two integer numbers A and B and print the result of all arithmetic
    operations you know for A and B.
04. Read three integer numbers and calculate the average.
05. Read the base and length of a rectangle and calculate its area.
06. Read an integer and print True if the number is Even and False if it is Odd.
07. Read a temperature in Celsius and convert to Fahrenheit: F = C x 1.8 + 32.
08. Read the buying price (cost), the desired profit percentage and
    calculate the sales price of a product.
09. Read the buying price (cost), the desired profit percentage and the sales tax % and
    calculate the final sales price of a product.
10. Read the name, salary and salary increase percentage and
    print the name and the new salary.
11. Read the name, salary, years of experience and the numbers of kids of a employee and
    print the name and new salary using the following formula:
    - 0.5% per year of experience
    - 2% per kid
12. Read two integer numbers and swap the variables content
13. Read the duration of an experiment in seconds and
    calculate the duration in Hours, Minutes and Seconds.
14. Read an integer number with 6 digits and separate it into two integers with 3 digits each
15. Read an integer number with 5 digits and generate a new number with the digits in reverse order
16. Read the description, quantity and unit price of 3 products in a shopping cart and
    print the total sales tax and the total order amount. The sales tax is 12%
17. Generate a random number from 0 to 9 and allow the user to try 3 times and indicate somehow
    if the user guessed the generated random number correctly
18. Generate two number from 0 to 100 (exclusive), allow the user to guess a number and indicate
    if the guessed number by the user is inside the interval
19. Read the radius of a circle and calculate the area
    Area = π x radius^2
20. Read the capacity of a water of tank and a bucket and calculate how many buckets of water will be
    necessary to fill up the water tank. Calculate as well how much water will be wasted if every
    buckets used to fill the tank is completely full
